## Conclusion
Linear regression data is highly skewed. This can be solved with a log of the income variable however it will not allow for an information gain.
The regression has multiple significant variables however the level of explanation of the model with the model is low at about 10 to 15 percent.  There are many factors not supplied that would account for variance to better explain model. There are many outside factors not as easily measurable with data to give indications of default. A credit score is a much more in-depth factor for insight which is detailed for a long-term history of a potential new borrower. 
Ordinal and multinomial regression is hindered by the skew in data. seven potential levels were present although, only two possibilities made up  a small percenatge of instances. Thus, the instead binary variable was a stronger and more reliable variable to pursue.
Logistic caused a much better model when current was against past due with the binary outcome variable. This is in turn treat is approve or disapprove of an applicant. There was a split with this of 51% versus 49%. Although 37 percent of past due occurrences were in the less than 30 days category which is a good indicator for existing borrowers having high accountability for their purchases. This causes the model with alterations to be lenient since several slightly late payments are typically forgivable.

Other methods were not very strong although the main classification model is quite reliable from the current or past due historical status of existing customers. This classifier gives a list of most important variables to a borrower’s status for approval expectations.  Random forest through ranger with this data set achieved between 80 and 85% accuracy in the confusion matrix based off our training and testing sets. Options such as the r part function and C5.0 did not fair as well with results.  The most important conditions to consider were age, months carrying balance, time employed, income, family status, and family count. 

Current borrowers are mostly in higher standings and this will make it more challenging to pick out a portion of individuals who are able to increase credit lines. We can send invites to apply for credit although since we cannot approve all that are qualified standards are high. If in the future, it is desired standards can lower if applications drop or more funds are available by the institution. 

Current Applications from R program go off historical data and client history rather than a predefined credit scoring method, making it an intermediate method not bound to pulling credit which would limit numerous applicants from the younger generation.
